lilBAE initial commit (#25259)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/sneakbox/lilbae/readme.md

# Sneakbox Lil' BAE

![Lil' BAE](https://i.imgur.com/a/S7FKp7r.jpg)

A small macropad featuring key positions for a Big-Ass Enter (Reverse L-shaped enter key)

Keyboard Maintainer: [mujimanic](https://sneakbox.com)
Hardware Supported: Lil' BAE Case
Hardware Availability: [sneakbox.design](https://sneakbox.com/products/lil-bae-macropad)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make lilbae:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make lilbae:default:flash
    

> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```

# Sneakbox Lil' BAE

![Lil' BAE](https://i.imgur.com/a/S7FKp7r.jpg)

A small macropad featuring key positions for a Big-Ass Enter (Reverse L-shaped enter key)

Keyboard Maintainer: [mujimanic](https://sneakbox.com)
Hardware Supported: Lil' BAE Case
Hardware Availability: [sneakbox.design](https://sneakbox.com/products/lil-bae-macropad)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make lilbae:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make lilbae:default:flash
    

> See the [build environment setup](getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.  Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
previous suggestion was copy/pasted from the docs with seemingly invalid links, sorry
